Allow connection objects in `from_sql` + small doc improvement (#5091)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/loading.mdx

Use a query for a more precise read:

```py
>>> from sqlite3 import connect
>>> con = connect(":memory")
>>> # db writes ...
>>> from datasets import Dataset
>>> dataset = Dataset.from_sql("SELECT text FROM table WHERE length(text) > 100 LIMIT 10", con)
```

<Tip>

> To cache the read, specify [`Dataset.from_sql#con`] as a [URI string](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/core/engines.html#database-urls).

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
You can specify [`Dataset.from_sql#con`] as a [URI string](https://docs.sqlalchemy.org/en/13/core/engines.html#database-urls) for the 🤗 Datasets caching to work across sessions.
```
